## Walk around

"You decide to walk around and see what the fair has to offer. It seems to have some pretty cool companies but you are only interested in looking."

"That was the case, until you saw Company X. It had everything you hoped for out of a job and you couldn't believe they were looking for someone here. Someone like you!"

"You walk up to their booth."

player "Uh, hi there, are you still looking to hire someone?"

unknown "Yes! We are looking to hire graduates for full time positions and undergraduates for internship programs. Are you interested?"

player "Very! What do I need to do to apply?"

unknown "Well I see you have a resume in hand, do you mind if I look over it real fast?"

player "Have at it!"

"You hand her the resume. She spends a minute reading over it before handing it back"

unknown "You've done some great work so far, but I'm afraid our company is looking for applicants with a little more experience."

player "I understand, is there anything I can specifically do to help me out?"

"She points to a big sign in the room that says 'Culteral Competencies'"

unknown "Those eight concepts are very important to our business. Once you get a good understanding of them, and gain a bit more experience, we would love to have you on the team."
 
 unknown "I would reccomend talking to Career Services. They put this fair together and can help tremendously. I believe you can find them in the SLTC."
 
 player "Okay, thank you for your time!"
 
 "{i}Communication achieved!"
 
 "A little dissapointed but filled with motivation, you decide to work hard to reach your goal of working with that team."

#y1 